Cheng Guang, you bastard, I
You give it to me.
I told you to leave
Look how you got together in the hospital
Mom confessed
Mom
Will you come?
Why are you here, mom?
You see
You immortal!
My daughter and I have spent so many years with your son
He said divorce is divorce
No compensation 100,000 dollars
I can't handle this
That is.
Or take out 100,000 and build a house for my brother
Or we'll get a divorce
What wind
What the hell is going on?
Mom, I want to drink Snow White Island for divorce?
You child
I finally got you a wife
Why is it so bad?
Mom, you don't know
This Snow taught them whether their family is a good person or not
It will harm us in the future
Chen Fang, what nonsense are you talking about here?
I don't care if you want so much.
Give 100,000 dollars in compensation
I'm here to kill you
Just hand over 100,000 dollars
How can I afford that much money?
It's none of your business, Mom.
Watch you lie to me again
What are you doing? Let me go
Ah, it's alright, it's alright
Ah it's alright
Wang Hanhan
Wang Han, I'm sorry.
This is the only thing mom gave you
There is no burden like mother left.
You can live your life
Mom, don't worry.
Son, I will definitely find the best doctor for you.